Dev > Prod (#4463)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions.md

With the [Admin role](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles), you have the power to define Postman access at the team level. You can use Postman's role-based access control system to limit visibility of team resources, define your development workflow, and give access to administrative and billing personnel. Each user on a team must have at least one role attached to them, and can hold multiple roles simultaneously.

You can [assign](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/managing-your-team/) one or more role types to users on a team, based on the functions those users require:

> * **Super Admin** - Manages everything within a team, including team settings, users, roles, and resources in [public, team, or private workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/managing-workspaces/#changing-workspace-visibility). Team members with this role can perform all actions that Admin, Billing, Community Manager, API Network Manager, and Developer roles can perform ([Enterprise plans only](https://www.postman.com/pricing)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Super Admin** - Manages everything within a team, including team settings, members, roles, and resources in [public, team, or private workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/managing-workspaces/#changing-workspace-visibility). Team members with this role can perform all actions that Admin, Billing, Community Manager, API Network Manager, and Developer roles can perform ([Enterprise plans only](https://www.postman.com/pricing)).
```

Reviewer: Resolved in TW-811.

## Next steps

> After learning about the roles available to users, you can manage your team's level of access and control more effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After learning about the roles available to team members, you can manage your team's level of access and control more effectively.
```

Reviewer: Resolved in TW-811.
